# reid-nathan-a1-derelictstar-repository
This is a repository containing all work &amp; documents related to Assignment 1 for GAME-10003-02. Derelict Star is a text-based survival horror game created specifically for this assignment.

The main gameplay loop of Derelict Star consists of exploring a starship in the far-future of 2192. The player can freely walk throughout the ship's various rooms, choosing to go North, South, East, or West. Different landmarks and interacable objects will be located in these different directions. The player will uncover the story through reading computer terminals. Items can also be found within these rooms, which the player can add to the inventory- the inventory has a total of 9 slots. Large items take up 2 slots, while small items take up 1 slot. 

Enemy encounters also play a big role in the gameplay. There are various weapons which can be used for different purposes- each weapon does a specific amount of damage. There are also a different enemy types which all have weaknesses. During enemy encounters, the player must be observant and use critical thinking to figure out which weapons to use against each enemy. During enemy encounters, the player can also use the environment to their advantage if they do not have an effective weapon- for example, shooting a cargo box filled with explosive ammunition. 

Players can also heal, use strength boosters and speed boosters. Speed boosters can effect the outcome of certain combat encounters or in some cases, even story encounters. Strength boosters add an extra 3 hit points, and medical patches heal the player by 5 hit points. The player is also able to activate checkpoint terminals throughout the game- if they die, they will return to the checkpoint they last activated. However, each time the player activates a new checkpoint, the previous checkpoint they were using will deactivate. 

As a final point, depending on where the player goes and what the player decides to do, they will get different endings. It is up to the player to put the pieces together regarding what potential objectives/endings are, through reading terminals throughout the game. Keeping notes on bits of story information is encouraged!
